         General Description                                                     Specific Game Effects
            Recon: Discussed i n Book 4.
            Recruiting: Discussed i n Book 4.
            Ship Tactics: Discussed in Book 5.
            Ship's Boat: Discussed in Book 1.
            Streetwise: Discussed i n Book 1.
            Survival: Discussed in Book 4.
            Tactics: Discussed in Book 1.
            Vehicle: The individual is a trained vehicle       Immediately upon receipt of this skill, the
         operator.                                         individual must specify one o f the following
                                                           vehicles as the type in which skill is received.
                                                               Wheeled (tech level 5 - 15): This skill is
                                                           the equivalent o f A T V skitl.
                                                               Tracked (tech level 6 - 9): This skill is
                                                           primarily of military usefulness, such as
                                                           in Mercenary, Book 4.
                                                                                   -
                                                               Grav (tech level 6 15): This skill is the
                                                           equivalent o f AirlRaft skill (not A i r Craft
                                                           skill).
                                                               Vehicle skill, as specified in this supple-
                                                           ment, is different from Vehicle skill discussed
                                                           in Book 5.
            Water Craft: The individual is a trained           Upon receipt of this skill. the individual
         operator of water craft.                          must immediately select one o f the following
                                                           types of water craft i n which to take the
                                                           expertise.
                                                                                         -
                                                               H o v w c r f t (tech level 7 9): Governs the
                                                           use of air cushion craft capable of traversing
                                                           land and water.
                                                                                                 -
                                                              Small Water Craft (tech level 1 8): Gov-
                                                           erns all small craft under 50 tons displace-
                                                           ment, including sailing craft and submersibles.
             Vacc Suit: Discussed i n Book 1.
             Zero42 Combat: Discussed in Book 4.

            Benefits: Mustering-out benefits may be characteristics alterations (page lo),
         dr some physical object. Membership in the Travellers' Aid Society is possible, and
         subsequent receipts of gun, blade, or weapon benefits may be taken as skill levels
         instead.
             Instruments: A doctor may receive a complete set of medical instruments,
         suitable for treatment of individuals suffering from all manner of injuries and ill-
         nesses. The set includes surgeons instruments, diagnostic tools, and a set of drugs
         for most purposes. Basic value of the set is Cr5,OOO.
            Watch: Bureaucrats may receive a watch from their fellow workers or their
         employers, as a token of esteem or respect. Typically, this item has a value of
         approximately Cr50; on a throw of 7+, it will have a value of from Cr200 to
         Cr1200 (2D times Cr100).
            Weapon: Many individuals may receive a weapon as a mustering~utbenefit. If
         specified as a weapon, it may be taken as either a blade weapon or a gun weapon. If
         specified as a blade, it must be taken as a blade; if specified as a gun, it must be
         taken as a gun. In any case, the allowed range is any weapon discussed in Book 1.
         Once a weapon is taken as a benefit, additional receipts of the weapon may be
         taken as skill in that weapon instead. An individual is always free to take additional
         physical examples of the weapons if so desired.



James Turnbull (Order #51963372)
