                                                          Introduction
            In the course of Traveller adventures, both players and referees constantly need
         additional characters for use in patron or random encounters, or to fill specific
         campaign game needs. While the character generation tables provided in Traveller
         Book 1, as well as the expanded character generation systems of Mercenary Book 4
         and High Guard Book 5, provide methods for producing military and merchant
         characters, there exists no specific set of tables for character generation in other
         pursuits. This supplement is intended to fill that void.
            This booklet contains character generation instructions and tables for twelve
         distinct character types; some, such as the maritime forces (the wet navy) and the
         orbital forces, expand on military force structure, while others provide individuals
         from various civilian occupations. Complete information is provided for character
         generation, including explanations of skills not dealt with in other books in the
         Traveller series, and descriptions of special mustering out benefits.
            In addition, twelve separate chapters each contain forty pregenerated examples
         of the characters; these listings allow random, fast selection of such characters for
         patron or other encounters where necessary in Traveller situations. Each listing
         indicates service rank, age, cash balance, skills, and mustering out benefits. Each
         character is numbered consecutively within the chapter to allow random selection
         using die rolls. A typical listing within this booklet is shown below:

         (Consecutive Number)
            (Service Rank)                          (UPP)                   (Credit Balance)
            7 Captain                               777686      Age 26 2 terms       Cr9.000
                  Rifle-1, Pistol-1 (Skills)                 (Muster Out Benefits) Travellers'

            The UPP is the Universal Personality Profile as described in Traveller Book 1,
         page 8. It uses the letters A through F to represent the numbers 10 through 15.
         Terms indicates the number of full terms the character has served in his or her
         career. Age equals (with some exceptions) the terms of service times four, plus the
         basic 18 year starting age; for randomly selected individuals for encounters, the
         referee may add 1 - 6 (on one die) years to that age. Skills are drawn from the pool
         of available skills; specific weapons skills assigned to each character are somewhat
         arbitrary, and may be used as indicated, or other, more appropriate weaposn
         substituted as the referee decides.

         PLAYER CHARACTERS
            The characters and their generation systems given here are also suitable for use as
         player-characters should the referee and the players decide. They are used in just
         the same manner as regular characters.

         HEROES A N D VILLAINS
            One chapter in this booklet is devoted to quantifying in Traveller terms major
         characters from science-fiction. See page 42.




James Turnbull (Order #51963372)
