      General Description                                                    Specific Game Effacts
         Air Craft: The individual is a trained            Upon receipt of this skill, the individual
      aircraft pilot.                                  must immediately select one of four cate-
                                                       gories i n which to take this skill: Propeller-
                                                       driven Fixed Wing Aircraft, JetPropelled
                                                       Fixed Wing Aircraft, Helicopters, or Grav
                                                       Vehicles. I n each case, the skill allows the
                                                       individual t o pilot that type of aircraft. Grav
                                                       Vehicle is also discussed in Book 4 and is the
                                                       equivalent of AirIRaft skill i n Book 1.
         Admin: Discussed in Book 1.
         Battle Dress: Discussed in Book 4.
         Blade Combat: Discussed above on pages 10 and 1 1.
         Bow Combat: Discussed above on page 11, and later in this supplement on pages 15 to 17.
         Brawling: Discussed above on page 10.
         Bribery: Discussed in Book 1.
         Carousing: Discussed in Book 5.
         Communications: Disucssed in Book 5.
         Computer: Discussed in Book 1.
         Demolition: Discussed in Book 4.
         Electronics: Discussed in Book 1
         Engineering: Discussed in Book 1.
         Forgery: Discussed in Book 1.
         Forward Obsewer: Discussed in Book 1.
         Gambling: Discussed in Book 1.
         Gravitics: Discussed in Book 5.
         Gun Combat: Discussed above on page 11.
         Gunnery: Discussed above on page 11.

          Hunting: The individual is skilled i n           I n animal encounter situations, this skill is
      tracking and hunting animals.                    used to enhance the chance of encountering
                                                       any specific type of animal, of achieving sur-
                                                       prise on such animals, and of surviving such
                                                       encounters.
                                                           DMs based on specific situations should be
                                                       generated, and hunting skill should be used a
                                                       a favorable DM.
                                                           Hunting skill is also useful for jobs as
                                                       guides for expeditions or tours.

         Instruction: Discussed in Book 4 and Book 5. Book 4 should govern.
         Interrogation: Discussed in Book 4 and Book 5. Book 5 should govern.
         Jack-of all Trades: Discussed i n Book 1.
         Leader: Discussed in Book 1.
         Liaison: Discussed in Book 5.
         Mechanical: Discussed in Book 1.
         Medical: Discussed in Book 1.
         Navigation: Discussed in Book 1.
         Pilot: Discussed in Book 1. '
         Prospecting: The individual is experienced       This skill allows an individual greater like-
     in searching out mineral deposits on world       lihood of discovering mineral deposits. I n any
     surfaces, and in deep space.                     situation calling for such a search, this skill
                                                      allows a favorable DM for success.
                                                          This skill alone is not sufficient for the
                                                      discovery of vast mineral wealth; but i t does
                                                      provide greater probability of an individual
                                                      discovering what is there.




James Turnbull (Order #51963372)
