              Enlistment is for a term of service lasting four years. This adds four years to the
          character's age. If the character re-enlists, it i s for another term of four years.
              Rejection: Should an individual fail to make the enlistment throw, he or she
          must find another career to follow. Attempts a t enlistment in other careers should
          be made.
              Survival: Each term of service involves some danger; during the term, a character
          must successfully roll the career's survival number or greater to avoid death in the
          line of duty. Each career also lists DMs which may apply. Failure to achieve the
          survival throw results in death; a new character must be generated.
              Positions and Promotions: An individual may attain a position of responsibility
          in his or her chosen career, and may later be promoted to higher and higher
          positions. In military careers, this position is a commission as an officer; in other
          careers, this position has various meanings. Each career has a position number; in
          order to achieve a position, the character must throw the stated number or greater
          on two dice. DMs may apply. If the individual is successful in attaining a position,
          he or she receives rank 1 for the career. A character may attempt to achieve
          position once per term of service until successful.
              In the same term of service in which a character achieves position, and in
          each subsequent term of service, a character may attempt to be promoted. Each
          career has a promotion number, and DMs which apply. If a promotion i s achieved,
          the character advances to the next higher rank in his or her career. A character is
          eligible for one promotion per term of service, beginning with the term of service in
          which position is achieved.
              Skills and Training: During each term of service, a character has the opportunity
          to acquire personal skills and expertise. Provision is made for the acquisition of new
          skills based on time served, position, promotion, and duty.
              Skills are acquired by rolling on the acquired skills table once for each skill
          allowed, using one die. There are four tables, each containing different types of
          skills. One of the tables is chosen before the die is rolled, and the single die roll
          indicates the specific skill the character acquires.
              Of the four skill tables, the first three may always be used by any character. The
          fourth is available only to characters having an education characteristic of 8 or
          greater.
              During a character's initial term of service, he or she is eligible for two skills;
          during each additional term of service, he or she becomes eligible for one skill.
          Upon achieving position, he or she is eligible for one skill. Upon being promoted, he
          or she is eligible for one skill. For example, a character joins the maritime forces,
          achieves position and is then promoted during her initial term of service. Total eligi-
          bility for the term is four skills. The same character, in the next term of service
          but not receiving a promotion, is eligible for one skill.
              Some skills automatically accrue to a character (without using eligibility) by
          virtue of rank or service. There are also exceptions to the basic eligibility based on
          specific careers. These exceptions are covered under each individual career.
              Re-enlistment: Generally, a character is free to leave a career, or to remain for
          another term, depending on personal desires and goals. There is some chance
          that other considerations may force the person out, or keep the person in the
          specific career for another term. Each career has a reenlistment number; in order
          to undertake a subsequent term of service, a character must throw that number or



James Turnbull (Order #51963372)
